Who are you?
He is the young master of the Shi family in Yuecheng
Shi Tianzhu
The Shi family who gave Shi Yaxian
That's right, Le City is the misery of our teacher and young master
I want to fight for the young master
You're looking for death.
Master Liu is not easy to mess with
Oops what to do
Master Shi, this is all a misunderstanding
Let go of my brother and sister
I can
Hahahahaha hey
You don't really think I'm interested in you, do you?
Shi Tianzuo
What do you want? What do I want?
Good question
Smart me
Is the head of the future family
The leader of the entire city
Rotten sweet potato stinky braised eggs like you
I feel sick when I squeeze it to death
Kill them all!
Master, when is it your turn to call the shots, brother?
Shi Yaxian, what are you doing here?
Brother, you're out to cause trouble again
Believe it or not, I'll go back and tell Dad.
Not really. No, actually.
Friend, are you kidding?
Sister, do you know them?
He's a good friend of mine